c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\obj\Debug\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.dll.config
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.pdb
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\obj\Debug\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.dll
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\ConnectApiCupomMarketing\obj\Debug\ConnectApiCupomMarketing.pdb
